## Ordered and Unordered Inserts
When executing bulk write operations, "ordered" and "unordered" determine the batch behavior.

### Ordered Inserts
- Default behavior is ordered, where MongoDB stops on the first error
```javascript
db.<collection-name>.insertMany([ doc1, doc2, /* ... */ ]);
```

### Unordered Inserts
- When executing bulk write operations with unordered flag, MongoDB continues processing after encountering an error.
```javascript
db.<collection-name>.insertMany([ doc1, doc2, /* ... */ ], { ordered: false });
```

## Inserting Documents in MongoDB

### InsertOne
```javascript
db.<collection-name>.insertOne({
  field1: value1,
  field2: value2,
  // ...
});
```

### InsertMany
```javascript
db.<collection-name>.insertMany([
  { field1: value1, field2: value2, /* ... */ },
  { field1: value1, field2: value2, /* ... */ },
  // ...
]);
```



# Upsert & Insert
In database operations, particularly in MongoDB, the terms "upsert" and "insert" have distinct meanings and uses. Here is an explanation of each:

## Insert
Insert is an operation that adds a new document to a collection. If the document already exists (based on a unique identifier like _id), the insert operation will fail.

Example of Insert:
```javascript
db.collection.insertOne({ _id: 1, name: "Alice", age: 30 });
In this example, a new document with _id 1, name "Alice", and age 30 is inserted into the collection. If a document with _id 1 already exists, this operation will result in an error.
```

## Upsert
Upsert is a combination of "update" and "insert". It attempts to update a document if it exists; if it does not exist, it inserts the document. This is useful when you want to ensure a document exists in the collection, regardless of its current state.

Example of Upsert:
```js
db.collection.updateOne(
  { _id: 1 },
  { $set: { name: "Alice", age: 30 } },
  { upsert: true }
);
```
In this example, MongoDB searches for a document with _id 1. If it finds one, it updates the name and age fields. If it does not find one, it inserts a new document with _id 1, name "Alice", and age 30.

## Comparison:
- Insert:
	- Adds a new document.
	- Fails if the document already exists (based on _id).
- Upsert:
	- Updates an existing document if it matches the query.
	- Inserts a new document if no match is found.

## Practical Use:
- Insert is used when you are sure that the document being added is new and does not already exist in the collection.
- Upsert is used when you want to ensure that a document is present in the collection, and you are okay with either updating an existing document or inserting a new one if it does not exist.